it's moist is tender and is absolutely
delicious marinade chilli powder paprika
coriander seeds star anis crush thyme
garlic olive oil salt pepper mix
porkchops marinade
chill
hot pan olive oil pork chops into the
pan color on both sides tilt the pan and
baste
into the oven eight to ten minutes 200
degrees sweet potatoes peel chopped
chicken stock boil drain
hot pan olive oil shallots garlic
season lightly caramelizes slots that
helps to sweeten the potatoes up even
more sweet potatoes crush finish it with
some fresh coriander and save
mix
what a delicious way of eating a sweet
potato pork chops out
Rex
sweet and delicious classic spice pork
chop with crush sweet potatoes
done